cloud: add 20240103 release notes (#15955)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-faq.md

### What versions of TiDB are supported on TiDB Cloud?

> - Starting from October 31, 2023, the default TiDB version for new TiDB Dedicated clusters is v7.5.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Starting from January 3, 2024, the default TiDB version for new TiDB Dedicated clusters is v7.5.0.
```
